so before we get into today's sidemen
sunday we have a surprise for all of you
you may have seen some american
youtubers doing this but now it's our
turn we have you two's collective holes
who wants mine me
simons
you can't talk it's his i just get mine
all right these figures drop on youtube
this friday march the 27th at 8 p.m uk
time and we're gonna check out what we
got going on
this is a collectible box
the box is part of the collection i've
got the new big style thing i'm so
excited okay what is it what does it say
you're a star i appreciate you picking
me there you go toby has ill vision
garments with side men bag and side men
bottoms and a slit in his eyebrow come
on
one thing to note yes my head's bigger
than everyone else's ones no wait wait
wait wait wait wait oh no oh my god
oh my god what's that thanks mysterious
rumor has it if you buy all seven you
get an extra gift oh
it's a signed money gun probably the
rarest ever simon asks we've made once
they're gone they're gone if you don't
manage to get it while it's live you're
gonna have to get it on resale so uh
make sure you get it yeah
imagine trying to get hold of this money
gun on resale as well oh this would be
ridiculous
for those of you that can't get your
hands on them we will be giving away one
of the sidemen money guns signed by all
of us so we're going to go ahead and
sign it right now if you want to win it
just go to
sidemen.youtube.com and follow all of
the instructions every action that you
do increases your chance of winning
winners will be picked on the day of the
drop the only other way to get the money
launcher is by copying all of us on the
day of the drop you'll have to be quick
for that good luck guys once again thank
you to youtubes for making these amazing
figures enjoy the rest of the video
[Applause]
welcome to another sideman sunday we are
here at clue quest you guys have been
asking forever for us to do an escape
room where's josh
he overslept what an absolute mess of a
human
[Laughter]
anyway we are going to split into two
teams today and race to complete the
same escape room our team captains are
going to be harry and jj you're now
going to play rock paper scissors to see
who gets first pick
if you lose this there's a good chance
you will have the mega minds
all right
dick and simon
what is
63 divided by nine
seven
what is 144 12.
oh
just say it stay in school
and that means you're left with him
all right can we can we please have josh
when he gets here
okay welcome to clue quest guys how are
you today good good good good fantastic
well welcome my name is waseem and along
with my fellow colleagues jamina and
keith we are going to be helping you to
escape today now have any of you
actually done an escape room before
okay so
we've got quite a bit of experience
today we know that simon you've been
here before and you managed to save the
world before so congratulations
well done but we're gonna need your help
again today you see anything that you
might have heard in the news or in the
media about us being an escape crew or
in the entertainment industry you see it
was all just a ruse and uh falsified
information to bring you here today you
see
we are actually an intelligence agency
and we're recruiting for secret agents
so our boss mr q who is the yellow mouse
on the wall behind you in caricature
form has been watching all of you for
the last couple of months whilst you eat
sleep
drinks
and even your videos online
and uh mr q's determined that you have
what it takes to be one of our secret
agents so we've assembled your teams
here today so
enough of the formalities this is where
it gets interesting guys you see for the
past couple of months we've had four
special agents who have been working in
the facility that you are about to enter
today called plan 52 okay they've been
running a very covert mission for the
past couple of months until something
terrible happened in the last 24 hours
and these agents went missing so what we
believe happened is we believe that one
of these agents turned rogue and
actually into a double agent and
kidnapped the three other agents and we
believe that this double agent is
working for mr q's arch-nemesis
professor black sheep who you will see
on the wall behind you just over there
guys just go with this yeah
so agents the mission today is very
simple we need you to go into plan 52
today and solve the clues that the three
agents left behind in order to solve the
identity of the double agent all we need
today is the double agent's face okay
bring us a double agent's face we'll be
able to use our facial recognition
system to find who this double agent is
and extract our missing agents
josh is agent
does that make sense so far yes yes all
right brilliant now one last thing this
double agent has been a bit tricky and a
bit slimy what they've done is they've
tampered with the security device inside
plan 52. and what that means is this
when you enter plan 52 today the
security timer will begin giving you 60
minutes upon which to find the face of
the double agent
and escape otherwise plan 52 will go up
in flames
okay
so 60 minutes as soon as we enter 60
minutes
so agents your mission should you choose
to accept it do we die
we most probably will
is to find the face of the double agent
and escape within the hour are you up
for the challenge guys yeah all right
let's enter 52 let's go
oh boys
that code he just put in yeah
there's nothing to put it here
right
all right guys before we begin i'd like
everyone to just have a quick look at
the screen up there that's the screen
that agent jamina was just talking about
every time you hear incoming intel a
cryptic clue will be displayed up there
and of course your time is up there but
just to let you know the words good luck
it's not cryptic clue guys all right
agents do you remember your mission yes
saving the agents finding the face time
advice face recognition we just need to
find a phase find the face of the double
agent and escape
wait so we have to find the face and
then escape yes mate that's
best of luck remember we are counting on
you any questions no no
yeah good luck thank you bye
oh boys all right first thing to do is
check everything like literally what
what's the aim here
to get you need to find like
keys codes everything like starting oh
my god so that goes back
in every pocket look like this look okay
so i just went on this
and inside this is
a wallet
inside the wall
that's why i'm getting my team you know
this is what i've got on my team i've
got a lego brick that has so there's
going to be a word on the lego bricks so
we need to find lego bricks all right
there's also a key here who can do
rubik's cube there's a key magnetic
right if you want to find some of the
key openings so find something that
opens the
that's definitely going to be a code
yeah right yeah for sure okay uh make
sure you check every draw
faster every draw every yeah
did you find anything in the wallet
other than these banknotes uh have
another look yo there's if there's a
three-letter code anywhere this drawer
says one one zero
okay does it open
yes
we've got cards oh
okay so we've got these cards do you
reckon they're like this for a reason
probably not
we have a lot of cards
oh lego brick
found one
hello what's this merch good thinking
oh
whoa whoa whoa okay
nothing underneath is that everything
have we reached this is a hook by the
way
oh oh so isn't this that's the handle
mate i swear to god this is on a hook
wow
okay
there's
one blue card
six of clubs is blue so that might mean
something
let's look for any blue back cards
isn't it
oh that's a blue card
okay so we've got two blue cards
that's it yeah
oh
there's another dear lego says joshua
they knew he'd be missing um some reason
i only woke up when ethan called me
which was 25 minutes 25 minutes i am
currently sprinting
so we've got
six of clubs and four of diamonds focus
if we can find one more blue card that
might be the code for one of these locks
oh is there anyone joshua is the only
first name there right
no kevin as well oh big mama
big mama oh bro do you want to know the
meaning of our names
um
was there anything in there jojo no
ethan is a jewish variant
oh
right
got a problem with that no i don't i
just didn't know that joshua
is there any other but the book opens to
k
kevin
[Music]
kevin yeah english knives first name
derived from gaelic
commonly fair
there's a key in here bro
harry
yeah how's that
and then there's a key hit no that's way
too small
that's way too that's what she said
oh yeah i'm stealing someone's wallet oh
that's probably smart oh there'll be a
name in there i reckon is there an
id in there
or something jeez jj
got you some money lad how do i look
that'll keep me motivated look for clues
does this look like anything to you
there's
oh another key
under the water bottle and this one's
bigger oh
yeah come on oh lots of more cards wait
turn those middle ones over are any of
them red
yeah blue
original sheep mutator kevin oh kevin
she apology see if you can find him in
the book
there's no handling for a reason right
so i've radio in
already
hello this is team [__] josh to mission
control um we have a clue
[Laughter]
please help
over
are you [__] taking the piss
what the [__] fam so we've got kevin
okay english and irish first name
derived from the gaelic i don't know
what that means
it's based on calmly or fair
the name was all right there's nothing
there's nothing yeah i don't know hello
yes hello
can you please confirm the amount of
money that you have
oh
300 yes try 300.
you should be richer than that you
should we should be richer
have you can you not check all the
pockets wait maybe there's more in here
oh my gosh you try you trying to run off
with the money no
hello
hang on
okay so 350. so try 350 on all the codes
where do you put the other
you know i respect the hustle jj that is
not the worst idea he's come out with
all day he's trying to put the handle
back wait where did the handle come from
where did you find him from there
yo what's up bro we're receiving you
yeah to help
[Music]
all right you smart all right thank you
mate you smart mate you smart nice safe
well well wait half halloween we are
under 10 minutes in and they've pretty
much given it to us
3.50 right so you almost lost the game
there man yes it opens all right cool oh
oh don't even read braille
no no no
okay no no i don't know so that's a
that right there
is a c
okay
cat it says cat
it says cat you're certain
well you haven't filmed yourself but i'm
pretty sure that says that duck says
that
cat
i swear to god we cut the other team and
they're
through then at their first room already
funny says
it must be this one
yes
nothing in it i can't be asked
there's [__] all in it ah
that's what you think where's that key
oh yeah the little one ah
make a maneuver one
and then we put this in there yeah open
this up
and then and then
more
cars because
oh the cat has climbed all over the
front of the drawers
all over the front of the drawers the
cat have we because at the moment what
have we got we've got this drawer here
i'm not gonna lie oh wait the c is here
so eight
eight is there an a there eight one
and where's the t there eight one five
try that
it's good formation that oh here we
that's the three go code let's start
putting every combination of one sheet
is that another three letter yeah i
think four six eight four six eight in
any of the things four six eight just um
just pick two and check four three four
six eight four eight six four eight six
and then it would be eight four six
or eight six four
[__]
okay well none of those have worked here
um okay
um um
so so we do do we give up now
josh i need you to make a quick decision
what room you want to go into you've got
an option of left and right okay five
seconds i'm gonna go left five i'm most
left-handed so i'm gonna go left
off you go this one yeah
oh that jade is an outlet that's good
that's good that's good parts free of
yes it's telling you the order so this
will be the fourth code we needed one
more red card i think
um
if you want to keep a secret you must
also hide it oh it's got lipstick
isn't it seven
seven five one you
want wait
who's up we are
why aren't you replying to me asking for
help over
i am working diligently from mission
control agents as soon as i have intel i
will send it straight over to you
you're lying you're mugged up you
already know
how to do this
the numbers in here are
seven
is that 11 at the front five
and one if you want to keep a secret
this is
wait so you're saying it's seven five
was there only three numbers in there
yeah
nice
seven five one jesus christ
and
oh
little key little key little key there's
a little key that we found okay what's
going on what's going on
okay
open this
this is i'm having fun
yes i knew it i [__] knew it you want
me to try here or
or
the somerville evil
um
it could be the somerville evil devil
666 yeah good point guys come on three
fifty three four the [__]
he's literally helping us
maybe one of the padlocks hey
oh my god are you [__] serious bro
this hat is not helping you it's
constricting your head you can't do
power
did
okay so we've got four six nine
six nine three free mark free mark three
that's gonna demand that wait
there's no red card oh
it's like a magic trick four six nine
eight all right so in that order
yes here we go four six nine
so four
so it should be eight four six nine try
that one on the four six terry
yes
he's been there before oh my god take
him out take him out it will
that's the issue okay
anything say anything there can you see
anything are you worried i don't got a
towel
there that that's what
the cat has climbed all over the front
of the drawers front
oh what this [__] t alright so there's a
t there t is five okay t is five
[__] our c is eight uh where's a what is
a a is one i got this all right so oh
come on
i don't know what i smashed it
okay so we've got our fourth card so the
four digit is potentially four six eight
nine well it's all combinations of these
and let's wait hold up
four three two one so the
so the what's one one is one is a close
club two is diamonds four
three okay try eight four six nine
where's where do you put the handle
is it underneath any of that stuff he's
lost the volley handle he's lost
eight four six nine six
nine
yes now we're big breaks oh we're
smashing this we're not though bro
because they're doing it for us
oh what's this oh is that
oh
yes
yes yes bro we're gonna open this door
and there's gonna be bear on the other
side you realize that like we're excited
to get out of here that's gonna be bad
yeah yes
oh [__] [__] yes all right i've got a
bus and another lego piece yeah same
oh i got a key and
a lego piece
i'm not my live voice
let you figure this out where's did we
find two keys i got another key here
what's happening here okay all right let
me let me look at this key oh josh josh
i love that from you oh wait a key right
here do you have another key
the lego piece is coming apart
there's lego is that working
if it doesn't work
let's take the whole thing upside down
no no no nothing just well there's a
door behind it a secret door behind her
well i mean there's a more comfortable
chair now
look in there bro oh look in there wait
look there's bear neon than that look
all right
all right this way's up oh now we've
gotta match it all right cool
what do we think yeah okay yo
okay so we've got the mat
i think that's where it fits on there i
think that's where it fits do you think
that's it yeah yeah
i don't know why would that be it
because it because if it's up these two
match why does it matter well
oh
right
i know these are all their things
big mama lords
and then kevin
suspect profiles
i reckon you use the you know that thing
that was see-through on there what's
this right now this is what we have to
try and get you to check it
looks like yeah i look that's josh
up oh wait look at this
three
four
salmon did you find anything in your
suit pockets three four three is there a
three three four three i i thought it's
underused
pretty perfectly
you see that
right so we found this inside the book
yeah found this one
the bus might be able to spin but bro
this is this is just obvious come on you
can fit in there look at this
oh oh he's found secrets
hey power cable
somewhere okay respect my guy all right
343. yeah nice
what's in there
we got a safe
and
a little ninja tune yeah open it let's
start this with us and make sure you
look at the key
okay
all right
this school has this is the next door
boys hello think pad what'd you get it's
a whole laptop without that all right
let's have a look have you got a battery
though wait what does that say
start eight digits to start safe lock
five minutes after free rolled hose
um do we have any codes yet lads oh
i'm getting there's bare [__] in these
cupboards oh
oh oh
oh you're chill children
bro i'm working i've got lego bricks and
i'm working with [__] bricks
is there a six clock somewhere
because it says don't get lost in time
the minutes q hours are the clue knock
knock where is the zip clock has anyone
reached inside that yet no it will be
what time i was worried that's what
you're saying
oh you mean the eight coat no no there's
six this
oh josh get out of here bro it's a mouse
yeah look it's a mouse there's a lego
piece oh yeah actually we need that all
right boys we've got more things uh this
opened something somebody work out when
it opens
what i found something in this drawer
okay
does that fit in there i think oh yeah
look because this is yeah i think it
does oh [__]
oh oh all right that's enough fit for
now okay wait i want to try the four
digit codes that simon got what would
they one one
what the [__]
what are these books oh he's broken here
he's broken
i haven't completed it
wait wait this says there's books
there's letters on this that's i
s h
that is j c l and that is l y f
and then there's numbers down here one
two three
[Applause]
there's a number four inside this
russian doll oh is there anything in
there oh this oh there's a lego
nice we need
yes legos talk to me talk to me we got
the number four
you've got the keys to find any numbers
on the inside of the russian dollar yeah
we got a four and a three
agents i can't confirm there should be
one more number i think i dropped it on
the floor in total
you dropped on the floor
where are the numbers i don't know
there's a three there's a four
wait which is there a number oh my god
there's a three here as well oh [__]
good good job good job are you helping
good job what i can't do at all
[__] it oh man okay wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait
should we wait wait wait how do i get
this there's like a scroll in this
what do you mean
feel this
there is something in this why would
there be a box
yes
yeah ah okay
big mama nothing in there yeah i've
literally i was just wearing that on my
back
yeah there's another one here
there's a reason why these things exist
though right they're the people that
were playing poker in the other room
and i think
yeah and then that's who we're trying to
find out i think
three four three padlock three digit
padlock three four three all right
um here i think this one looks uh
oh
okay
we don't need to do that padlock
all right
solve this how did that happen
oh you wait you've sold something yeah
oh well done mate oh nice
there's a safe so we're gonna need a
code for that okay it doesn't even work
oh start okay
so then if you put like one two three
four five six seven eight
start error okay please don't stop now
please stop now please so we have we we
have two more chances all right yeah did
somebody unlock this all right two more
chances right we'll leave that for now
okay
if i hear that beeping right because
we've nearly done 20 look we've done
over 25 minutes now if i hear that b
pigger i turn around and you're doing
that mate i'm gonna round this hat up
ah
yes we have we have
[Music]
says 11 on the front zero on the
the side was charging at the back of the
oh i got you thank you ah
okay there's the power we can turn it on
i've got a key um
you'll be put out on now then yep
cool all right cool laptop
just here as well oh usb okay hey just
so you're aware i've got all of this out
this drawer over here yeah i'll start
looking through the papers so i've just
found this book
this is how we're going to find the face
of the dude
that
dripping itself okay here we go
boot to boot to window oh hello start
windows normally yeah yeah
jellyfish
oh it makes sense that should be a word
there we go nice toby nice arthur conan
doyle the complete sherlock holmes is
there a book completes sherlock holmes
for christie when we were young
justice right the big one just the one
that wasn't covered
arthur conan doyle it just says the
complete sherlock holmes
oh there's a hole oh whoa whoa whoa i
actually went through this what's that
no wouldn't it yeah
has to be upwards so
i think it is here and here
okay
yeah that looks like it's telling us
[__] about this but i don't know what
oh here we go
okay start windows and that
[__] uh what is this windows xp oh
well put that password here
no
probably this thing's at the wall
oh password hid confidential please use
other profile okay right okay so let me
tap on into here then mr van impe
can we get him
password hid isn't it too windy
something's here with the fan
these stickers on the fan so turn it off
yellow red
one
oh [__] look at this
guys there's a secret code look no way
[Laughter]
oh wait guys look
bbc news
[Music]
is i thought the nose might be different
you know
can you hold this please harry
sure
let me focus on this is so bad
it starts with the owl all right
l y yeah
jellify yeah and then jellify then we've
got
that's yeah i i s
jellyfish jellyfish
jellyfish with uh
arthur conan doyle the complete sherlock
holmes
grab the book
so that we already found that that was
the usb oh seven
i don't know
start yep seven yeah nine yeah
seven seven yeah uh
seven
yeah uh 10
1-0
and then one two one two please
yes let's go josh
lego
just play and pause really quick
it comes back comes back
there
pause it when it's chill go back and
talk
well it's so clear
[__]
okay the nose it's like the uh
it
no it's got the two nostrils in it right
the eyes your [__] eyes up no the
eyes are good cool that's good it's not
that one
next
is that
five six
one five five six one five
all right back it up back it up
seven wait move back move back the last
one
[Music]
what's that middle one though move it a
little bit
it one again
ah
yes
okay
no there's still one at the bottom
there's a key that's a key that's the
key so we just need to find the key so
the key is being covered try this
this is gonna be full of [__]
we've got 24 minutes
[__]
five six one five
what does that do
right so bang
bang bang oh this one we just need this
obviously no no no no no that one's a
real one so we just need that and then
we need this and that will be the mouse
phase to get us out so
w pending i'm opening the usb
wait
it says
oh [__] nice
there you go
so
let's say not over that's something it
says if it's not over surely put that
one from that one together that one
together sideways
yo can someone come open this drawer
this front one here here
nice jeez i told you this is
oh checking the uh checking the safe
there was another
stop stop talking stop talking okay
you're distracting yourself
he's distracting us who's gonna help
us just a very
quick for myself have any of you managed
to get any numbers from the clock yet
no
1 1 0 1 it was right yeah it doesn't
work on that you're a bit of a smart
aren't you don't get lost in time the
minutes queue
hours where is the six o'clock okay so
when the minutes say one that means the
first digit is seven
when the minutes say three that means
the third digit is seven
you see what i mean well good to meet
you yeah when the minutes are fine
[Music]
the third digit oh my [__] god we had
an incoming thing where is it big mama
do you have any clues for us please
can does your one move if i do this
oh
oh yes we left the hammer oh my god
come on okay i got it i got the whole
thing we've got 16 minutes yeah okay so
the code is seven nine seven seven seven
nine seven seven one zero one two
stop let's start
oh wearing a blazer always gives jj and
itchy back
right that's a troll that's a troll
wait oh no it's not a troll oh my god
there's something in my back
there's something in my back bro there
was more map in your mind oh my god that
was more
i shot you nevermind
[Music]
i know it's not enough
true magnet
oh no no no you guys keep looking at me
and josh are going to give it a little
tug
and we'll look
one sec i'll pull it yeah and it will
have stuff inside that's inside the box
yeah yeah yeah just a zero harry turned
the other one yeah
and stop josh turn the other one
stop that's a zero so zero so harry
who's middleweight just turned both
harry 10 both
you can go faster a bit faster a bit
faster keep going
okay and the last one just six yeah
definitely six keep going a bit stop
josh
it's a three zero six three zero six
three we have any more free
we could only see through it there was
well if i put it through again you can
see what else do we need to code for
what can you three let's go back oh no
zero six eight three zero six eight
three
oh that was it'll be the last two pins
it's probably those ones wait it'll fit
there in there
so we've done the whole map
what does it tell us though
oh
[Applause]
this is just the key of the clue oh this
is mad okay this is just the clue
this is not over yet yeah but we also
need the password for the other blokes
user don't we mr hughes okay not trying
not over yet not over yet but should we
switch right you want to switch
jellyfish right to get this one yeah as
we want to switch we've got not over
over and then that looks like it says i
think yeah
yeah wait why did you shut it down and
restart why didn't you just log off
you never know how thinkpad was you've
literally wasted more [__] time
you need to watch your
turn for [__] sake do you see this
there's a lego piece in the plant yo
this is really hard by the way because
it keeps turning
can someone help me with this
look how you see what you're trying to
do not over here
yes oh
waste man hey yo [__] you me
take that all right i'm gonna empty it
out
ah
it's another it's another map thing yeah
but this will be for the thing over here
oh okay
oh wait we got a code a big coat a big
coat big coat and a thing
you're gonna need a big coat belt look
at this thing mate politeness
look we got this is like a [__]
long-ass code
it says four on the back as well six two
eight zero three nine eight six one five
six
we need to get this covered somehow is
there a code
somewhere bro
there's [__] loads of numbers
oh [__] oh [__] but we still need to get
this over yeah
there's so many numbers though i cannot
believe we've just opened the door and
i've seen that this little up there
scrubby [__]
oh cctv in operation inside the red
block no wait vic big brain hitler
you stand here you stand here you stand
here
oh we got this as well i don't know what
this will go on
what does this do
number one to five
yeah so this says one and five yeah yeah
oh he says this is code four
wait true or not oh four there
that's that's too many numbers
[Music]
though okay
yeah well what does that mean
i don't know
just put put them down let's put it in
the towels where's the is there a book
for doing towels
when we were young treasure [__] part
so you bring the camera back a bit ethan
doing that towards you jj twist oh good
now
wait check it out
get away get away a bit jj i'm gonna do
it like this hold up
i can see
is the camera good yeah the camera is
good yeah you see what i'm seeing
what does that say that says six
okay we gotta see we've got a six all
right okay now we pull the camera along
yeah
so here we've got another number
i'm doing it right oh wait so six i got
this um
um oh ethan keep twisting and i thought
yeah
um all the way all the way upside down
from there
we've got the six
um hey jojo can you write six eight down
on the top i
and
zero six
eight three six zero zero six zero three
all right we got six minutes
come on
let's go
[Music]
so but that means that means on here it
will be
oh no
wait wait wait this is the coat this is
the coat for the lego
[__]
lego
two yellows we're missing a loaded lego
bricks [__] we are massively but i think
i think it is going to be
not over yeah
not over not over yet it's not over yet
oh
[__] [__] [__] not
wait that's why i died
guys we have five minutes
we're killing that's not gonna blow up
right now
oh
i got the call hold up
what's going on
more
that's the code oh [__] holy [__] we've
got a long code for the way oh [__] what
number was that one that was number one
[Music]
last one
so the first one is
no no so yeah that's all
no
[Music]
all right the last one is
yes
three is
so one
when we were very young yeah and what
was it and treasure tales treasure tales
here we go everything is
yes so treasure tales is going to be my
one and i'm going to find this picture
no
this is charlie i have matched up
okay
what are you saying what do you say no
no no we're doing what we're doing
what's up
why have you [__] it
boom
okay what have we got we've got we've
got
it so this is binary yeah and which one
comes first
it's like 101 so oh you've got two
you've got two
anything underneath there it's that and
this this is this cupboard here josh
wait hang on in
okay here what number is that josh but
this is the plan pop hang on what number
two four two
wait where's the thing it's plant first
yeah so
and it's this but i can't
yeah shall we
oh this one
okay we just need one more the last one
number four where's the four there come
on
oh lord wait whatever like
what oh oh
okay okay go go go
was that not one shot
done
come on
no
yes
it's been fun oh
lads i've had a great time oh oh okay
for one what what was the code it was
one it was uh
yeah
[Music]
okay yeah
number five is
what do you mean no no no five what's
the binary thing wait [__] no wait all
right reset okay reset reset reset
[Music]
and then five is then
yep
okay we've done two of them but we we're
missing the other oh [__] is it the door
no it's not the door
all right nice it's our last minute i
just wouldn't say
[Music]
all right this
is all right
seven
six five four three all right two
one
[Music]
i don't know about you but we're dead
he's got it
we're dead
where is it we're dead
we're dead yeah we're
[Music]
news agent dead that you were able to
find the face of the double agent and
you were able to
send us that space through our camera
link
bad news agents however is that not only
are jj and vic
but you are unable to escape within the
hour i have however agents been able to
hack into mr hughes mainframe and secure
you an additional 9 minutes and 51
seconds
i've also been able to secure an
individual
ready committee
oh [__]
i really was dead there for a second
oh my god
okay what the [__] do these mean that's
that oh that's a cut
yes binary look
what's that what number that's three as
well three
wait one
hold up
someone's there's gonna be on here
zero zero all right so this is number
three it goes number three yes look so
it goes that
yeah one
yeah and then
um okay cool and that's that yep yeah
oh what's that
number two there's the plan and the
drawers geez ethan's off right on smoke
hey relax
[Music]
actually this has got to be the big long
doors right is that number four
no this is number two ship oh number two
that's number two number two number two
the long one in there
two number two
one
wait
what we got wasn't it
we've checked well there's more cards
no the cards are done oh
is that the end of two all right so
where's that vest on
what's the end of two
two
is
yeah
yep then
okay got it yeah so now we just need the
one that we don't have the acetone for
which is another camera four right
we don't have the acetate before but it
could be
we need the acetate for before
four oh
so
what does this
okay so number four and left four unless
it goes
you could be right all right four four
it's going to be one right
yeah
yep
okay
we have it all entered
right
did you enter it wrong i don't know
what's on or off it's down on oh
oh
well we can just reverse everything i
don't want to die
oh wait one is up okay so i've got these
all wrong but i can switch them all i
can just switch all of them sure are we
yeah we're doing it we're going we're
going we're going oh we're firing we're
firing on oh
yeah oh do it
we died
big brains escaped what we didn't say is
there's a forfeit involved for the
losing team well no but you just no no
no no no no no no no no
uh
oh
[Laughter]
[Music]
bro i shot it i showered i now pronounce
you beard and tongue
ugh
[Music]
your channel ain't even got ads here